Remove PE as a query language (#479)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

(2) The Wallet sends an HTTP GET request to the Request URI to retrieve the Request Object.

> (2.5) The HTTP GET response returns the Request Object containing Authorization Request parameters. It especially contains a DCQL query that describes the requirements of the Credential(s) that the Verifier is requesting to be presented. Such requirements could include what type of Credential(s), in what format(s), which individual Claims within those Credential(s) (Selective Disclosure), etc. The Wallet processes the Request Object and determines what Credentials are available matching the Verifier's request. The Wallet also authenticates the End-User and gathers her consent to present the requested Credentials. 

Reviewer: that is not a typical use of the word especially
```suggestion
(2.5) The HTTP GET response returns the Request Object containing Authorization Request parameters. It contains a DCQL query that describes the requirements of the Credential(s) that the Verifier is requesting to be presented. Such requirements could include what type of Credential(s), in what format(s), which individual Claims within those Credential(s) (Selective Disclosure), etc. The Wallet processes the Request Object and determines what Credentials are available matching the Verifier's request. The Wallet also authenticates the End-User and gathers her consent to present the requested Credentials. 
```

The Verifier articulates requirements of the Credential(s) that are requested using the `dcql_query` parameter. Wallet implementations MUST process the DCQL query and select candidate Verifiable Credential(s) using the evaluation process described in (#dcql_query_lang_processing_rules)

The Verifier communicates a Client Identifier Scheme that indicate how the Wallet is supposed to interpret the Client Identifier and associated data in the process of Client identification, authentication, and authorization as a prefix in the `client_id` parameter. This enables deployments of this specification to use different mechanisms to obtain and validate Client metadata beyond the scope of [@!RFC6749]. A certain Client Identifier Scheme MAY require the Verifier to sign the Authorization Request as means of authentication and/or pass additional parameters and require the Wallet to process them.

Depending on the Client Identifier Scheme, the Verifier can communicate a JSON object with its metadata using the `client_metadata` parameter which contains name/value pairs.

This specification enables the Verifier to send the Client Metadata JSON object by value or by reference.

> 

Author: Done.

wallet_nonce=qPmxiNFCR3QTm19POc8u
```

## Using `scope` Parameter to Request Verifiable Credential(s) {#request_scope}

Wallets MAY support requesting presentation of Verifiable Credentials using OAuth 2.0 scope values.

> Such a `scope` parameter value MUST be an alias for a well-defined DCQL query. Since multiple `scope` values can be used at the same time, the identifiers for credentials (see (#credential_query)) and claims (see (#claims_query)) within the DCQL queries associated with `scope` values MUST be unique.

Reviewer 2: I wrote a whole comment on not understanding this requirement, but I think I understand now. The response contains only the DCQL query id as keys, so if you reuse the same ID across scope values it means you don't know which scope was used for the DCQL presentation. 

I think it could benefit from a small clarification, as it took me quite a while to understand the reasoning for this.

Author: I'll add a clarification!

wallet_nonce=qPmxiNFCR3QTm19POc8u
```

## Using `scope` Parameter to Request Verifiable Credential(s) {#request_scope}

Wallets MAY support requesting presentation of Verifiable Credentials using OAuth 2.0 scope values.

> Such a scope value MUST be an alias for a well-defined DCQL query. Since more than one scope value can be used at the same time, the IDs for credentials (see (#credential_query)) and for claims (see (#claims_query)) within the DCQL queries in all scope values supported by a Wallet MUST be disjoint.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Such a scope value MUST be an alias for a well-defined DCQL query. Since multiple scope values can be used at the same time, the identifiers for credentials (see (#credential_query)) and claims (see (#claims_query)) within each DCQL query associated with a different scope value MUST be unique.
```
trying to improve readability..

Author: The 'each' changes the meaning though.

Author: ```suggestion
Such a `scope` parameter value MUST be an alias for a well-defined DCQL query. Since multiple `scope` values can be used at the same time, the identifiers for credentials (see (#credential_query)) and claims (see (#claims_query)) within the DCQL queries associated with `scope` values MUST be unique.
```

the constraints in `credential_sets`. The value MUST be a non-empty string
consisting of alphanumeric, underscore (`_`) or hyphen (`-`) characters.
Within the Authorization Request, the same `id` MUST NOT

> be present more than once (whether for credentials or for claim sets, defined below).

Reviewer 4: Is this change saying that ids must be completely unique within a query so a claim query id cannot use the same value as a credential query id and that the claim query id cannot be reused across credential queries?

e.g. would this be invalid?
```
{
  "credentials: [
    {
      "id": "query_1"
      ...
      "claims": [
        {"id": "query_1", "path": ["last_name"]},
        {"id": "query_2", "path": ["first_name"]},
      ]
    },
    {
      "id": "query_2",
      ...
      "claims": [
        {"id": "query_1", "path": ["last_name"]},
        {"id": "query_2", "path": ["first_name"]},
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

Author: That's what it says, but not what I originally intended. I will revert this change.

type and value of the claim both match exactly for at least one of the elements in the array. Details of the processing
rules are defined in (#selecting_claims).

> `contains`:
> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings or integers that, when specified, must appear in the matched array claim in any order.
> If the `contains` property is present, the Wallet SHOULD return the claim only if it is an array
> and if it contains all of the elements in the `contains` array, without taking into account ordering of elements.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`contains`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings or integers that, when specified, MUST appear in the matched array claim in any order.
When the `contains` property is present, the Wallet SHOULD return the claim only if the claim is an array that includes all elements listed in the `contains` array, irrespective of their order.

```
trying to improve readability

type and value of the claim both match exactly for at least one of the elements in the array. Details of the processing
rules are defined in (#selecting_claims).

`contains`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings or integers that, when specified, must appear in the matched array claim in any order.
If the `contains` property is present, the Wallet SHOULD return the claim only if it is an array
and if it contains all of the elements in the `contains` array, without taking into account ordering of elements.

> 

Author: I don't think we do. I doubt there are many use cases for it, but if there are, they can be covered by providing multiple credential queries and then defining the alternatives on the credential set level.

> 

Reviewer 3: can this be used with sd-jwt vc and mdocs or is this specific to w3c vcdm? if the former, it is not clear to me how and would like some exampels... if the latter, it should be in w3c vcdm specific section, no?

> 

Author: This is generic.

# Claims Path Pointer {#claims_path_pointer}

> A claims path pointer is a pointer into the Verifiable Credential or Presentation, identifying one or more claims.

Author: Good point, I'll remove it.

# Claims Path Pointer {#claims_path_pointer}

A claims path pointer is a pointer into the Verifiable Credential or Presentation, identifying one or more claims.
A claims path pointer MUST be a non-empty array of strings, nulls and non-negative integers.
A claims path pointer can be processed, which means it is applied to a Credential or Presentation. The results of
processing are the referenced claims.

## Semantics for JSON-based credentials

> This section defines the semantics of a claims path pointer when applied to a JSON-based credential or presentation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This section defines the semantics of a claims path pointer when applied to a JSON-based Credential or Presentation.
```

- The Wallet does not support any of the formats requested by the Verifier, such as those included in the `vp_formats` registration parameter.

`invalid_presentation_definition_uri`:

- The Presentation Definition URL cannot be reached.

`invalid_presentation_definition_reference`:

- The Presentation Definition URL can be reached, but the specified `presentation_definition` cannot be found at the URL.

> 

Reviewer 3: I support it, and we never defined `dcql_query_uri` parameter but I think it's worth noting that with this PR, we are losing the ability to pass query language by reference

Verifiers MUST validate the VP Token in the following manner:

> 1. Validate the format of the VP Token as defined in (#response-parameters) and check that the set of VPs returned satisfies all required Credential Sets (and optionally other Credential Sets).

Author: Done!

## Nested Verifiable Presentations

> This specification does not support presentation of a Verifiable Presentation nested inside another Verifiable Presentation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This specification does not support presentation of a Verifiable Presentation nested inside another Verifiable Presentation.
```

The audience for the response (for example, the `aud` value in a Key Binding JWT) MUST be the Origin, prefixed with `origin:`, for example `origin:https://verifier.example.com/`. This is the case even for signed requests. Therefore, when using OpenID4VP over the DC API, the Client Identifier is not used as the audience for the response.

# Credential Format Specific Parameters and Rules {#format_specific_parameters}

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations is Credential Format agnostic, i.e., it is designed to allow applications to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials in any Credential Format. This section defines a set of Credential Format specific parameters and rules for some of the known Credential Formats. For the Credential Formats that are not mentioned in this specification, other specifications or deployments can define their own set of Credential Format specific parameters.

## W3C Verifiable Credentials

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query

The following is a W3C Verifiable Credentials specific parameter in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

> `proof_type_values`:
> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `["RsaSignature2018"]`.
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

The audience for the response (for example, the `aud` value in a Key Binding JWT) MUST be the Origin, prefixed with `origin:`, for example `origin:https://verifier.example.com/`. This is the case even for signed requests. Therefore, when using OpenID4VP over the DC API, the Client Identifier is not used as the audience for the response.

# Credential Format Specific Parameters and Rules {#format_specific_parameters}

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations is Credential Format agnostic, i.e., it is designed to allow applications to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials in any Credential Format. This section defines a set of Credential Format specific parameters and rules for some of the known Credential Formats. For the Credential Formats that are not mentioned in this specification, other specifications or deployments can define their own set of Credential Format specific parameters.

## W3C Verifiable Credentials

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query

The following is a W3C Verifiable Credentials specific parameter in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

`type_values`:

> : OPTIONAL. An array of arrays of strings that specifies the types of Verifiable Credentials that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation. Each of the top-level arrays specifies one alternative to match the type of the Verifiable Credential against. One level deeper, each array of strings specifies a set of types that must be present in the `type` property of the Verifiable Credential, irrespective of order and whether additional types are present. 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
: OPTIONAL. An array of arrays of strings that specifies the types of Verifiable Credentials that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation. Each of the top-level arrays specifies one alternative to match the type of the Verifiable Credential against. Each inner array specifies a set of types that must be present in the `type` property of the Verifiable Credential, regardless of order or the presence of additional types. 
```

Reviewer 5: I guess I get to be that guy - but that this PR is updating the DCQL spec as well as editorial changes as a consequence of removing PE, makes reviewing it difficult

For example, if the DCQL query contains `"type_values": [["ACred", "BCred"], ["CCred"]]`, then a Verifiable Credential with the type `["DCred", "BCred", "ACred"]` would match, but a Verifiable Credential with the type `["BCred"]` would not match.

#### Claims Matching

The `claims_path` parameter in the Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query) is used to specify the claims that the Verifier wants to receive in the Verifiable Presentation. When used in the context of W3C Verifiable Credentials, the `claims_path` parameter always matches on the root of Verifiable Credential (not the Verifiable Presentation). Examples are shown in the following subsections.

### Verifier Metadata

The `vp_formats` parameter of the Verifier metadata MUST have the key `jwt_vp_json` or `ldp_vp` (according to the format, as defined in (#jwt_vc) and (#ldp_vc)), and the value MUST be an object consisting of the following name/value pair:

> * `proof_type_values`: OPTIONAL. A JSON array containing types of proofs that

Reviewer 2: This won't work for `jwt_vp_json` (see also #495)

The audience for the response (for example, the `aud` value in a Key Binding JWT) MUST be the Origin, prefixed with `origin:`, for example `origin:https://verifier.example.com/`. This is the case even for signed requests. Therefore, when using OpenID4VP over the DC API, the Client Identifier is not used as the audience for the response.

# Credential Format Specific Parameters and Rules {#format_specific_parameters}

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations is Credential Format agnostic, i.e., it is designed to allow applications to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials in any Credential Format. This section defines a set of Credential Format specific parameters and rules for some of the known Credential Formats. For the Credential Formats that are not mentioned in this specification, other specifications or deployments can define their own set of Credential Format specific parameters.

## W3C Verifiable Credentials

### DCQL

> #### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query

Reviewer 2: One issue i see for w3c VCs is that issuer based matching with DCQl can become quite complex, as you don't know whether to query `['issuer']` or `['issuer', 'id']`. 

So if you would use claim sets, you'd have to duplicate all claim sets. I know the WG decided against adding `did` as a trusted authority mechanism, but it would make issuer matching a lot easier IMO.

Reviewer 2: I've opened https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/issues/494 to support did as trusted authorities, which would solve this issue, but it's not specific to this PR and can be worked around using claim sets

The audience for the response (for example, the `aud` value in a Key Binding JWT) MUST be the Origin, prefixed with `origin:`, for example `origin:https://verifier.example.com/`. This is the case even for signed requests. Therefore, when using OpenID4VP over the DC API, the Client Identifier is not used as the audience for the response.

# Credential Format Specific Parameters and Rules {#format_specific_parameters}

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations is Credential Format agnostic, i.e., it is designed to allow applications to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials in any Credential Format. This section defines a set of Credential Format specific parameters and rules for some of the known Credential Formats. For the Credential Formats that are not mentioned in this specification, other specifications or deployments can define their own set of Credential Format specific parameters.

## W3C Verifiable Credentials

todo: define where the claims path operates

> todo: is proof_type_value correct?

Reviewer 3: please make sure there are issues opened for this before we merge this PR

Author: Removed - should not have made it into the commit.

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query

> The following is a W3C Verifiable Credentials specific parameter in the meta parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following is a W3C Verifiable Credentials specific parameter in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):
```

(sorry, let me be a backtick police..)

> 

Reviewer 2: I think a custom `type_values` which is an array (or array of arrays to allow multiple type combinations) would be good to add here. My reasoning is that there is `doctype_values` and `vct_values`, so this will ensure consistency. Also, the `doctype_values` and `vct_values` are required, so also adding `type_values` means we also have a required meta type filter for w3c credentials (which was an issue with PEX)

Reviewer 6: Yeah, fehlt the same way to me for the W3C Parts: https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/479#discussion_r2019986109. I do believe it would be a good idea to pull json-ld types matching out into format specific parts.

Author: The point about making it mandatory is a good one, as well as the lack of consistency at the moment. I'll change it to type_values.

Reviewer 6: That will change with this PR: #480

`proof_type_values`:

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Author: I suggest to tackle this in a separate issue

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to remove the `proof_type_values` for now then and add it back in if that's desired, as it clashes with `vp_formats`. I don't fully understand why we need this for W3C vcs, but not in the meta of SD-JWT / mDOC?

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Author: That would work for me as well - let's discuss on the call.

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Author: I move this to metadata - please review this commit: https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/pull/479/commits/daee54150dde226443f965c6ad70a6887647ac90

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Reviewer 2: I opened https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VP/issues/495

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `RsaSignature2018`.

Author: Thanks!

The audience for the response (for example, the `aud` value in a Key Binding JWT) MUST be the Origin, prefixed with `origin:`, for example `origin:https://verifier.example.com/`. This is the case even for signed requests. Therefore, when using OpenID4VP over the DC API, the Client Identifier is not used as the audience for the response.

# Credential Format Specific Parameters and Rules {#format_specific_parameters}

OpenID for Verifiable Presentations is Credential Format agnostic, i.e., it is designed to allow applications to request and receive Verifiable Presentations and Verifiable Credentials in any Credential Format. This section defines a set of Credential Format specific parameters and rules for some of the known Credential Formats. For the Credential Formats that are not mentioned in this specification, other specifications or deployments can define their own set of Credential Format specific parameters.

## W3C Verifiable Credentials

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query

The following is a W3C Verifiable Credentials specific parameter in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

`type_values`:

> : OPTIONAL. An array of arrays of strings that specifies the types of Verifiable Credentials that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation. Each of the top-level arrays specifies one alternative to match the type of the Verifiable Credential against. Each inner array specifies a set of types that must be present in the `type` property of the Verifiable Credential, regardless of order or the presence of additional types. 

Reviewer: On my first read of "array of arrays of strings" I thought it was a mistake. I soon came to see it is not a mistake. But it's not easy to read. Perhaps "An array of sting arrays"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: OPTIONAL. An array of string arrays that specifies the types of Verifiable Credentials that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation. Each of the top-level arrays specifies one alternative to match the type of the Verifiable Credential against. Each inner array specifies a set of types that must be present in the `type` property of the Verifiable Credential, regardless of order or the presence of additional types. 
```

The Credential format identifier is `ac_vp` to request a Presentation.

The identifier for the CL-signature crypto scheme used in the examples in this section is `CLSignature2019`.

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query {#anoncreds_meta_parameter}

The following are AnonCreds specific parameters in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

`schema_id_values`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the allowed values for the `schema_id` of the requested Verifiable Credential. It MUST be a valid scheme identifier as defined in [@Hyperledger.Indy].

`cred_def_id_values`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the allowed values for the `cred_def_id` of the requested Verifiable Credential. It MUST be a valid credential definition identifier as defined in [@Hyperledger.Indy].

`proof_type_values`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `CLSignature2019`.

#### Claims Matching

> When used in the context of AnonCreds, the `claims_path` parameter always matches on the contents of the `values` key in the JSON-representation of the Verifiable Credential.

Reviewer 2: This is a change of how the PEX definition handled Anoncreds credentials. The matching would be done on the outer wrapper (so not within the `values`), which would allow you to also query for e.g. the `issuer_did` / `issuer_id`. 

With this change you can only use DCQL to query on the values, and the meta defines `schema_id_values`, and `cred_def_id_values`. 

So I think we should either add a meta value to filter by did, allow dids to be used as trusted authorities, or query based on the outer object (so `['values', 'name']`), to not break issued based matching for anoncreds credentials

Author: Thanks, I'll change it to match on the outer object then.

Reviewer 2: Looking at the AnonCreds specification again and there is no `issuer_did` 
 property on the credential. It is allowed as a query param in an AnonCreds proof request restriction. 

So the change I proposed is not sufficient to query by issuer did. I've opened #494 to support `did` as trusted authorities.

Reviewer 2: However with `schema_id_values` and `cred_def_id` values already being part of the meta, i think querying directly on the values would be okay then, as it does not solve the issuer did querying. My apologies for giving a wrong solution.

Author: I'll change it back to matching on values then :-)

To be able to request AnonCreds, there needs to be a set of identifiers for Verifiable Credentials, Verifiable Presentations ("proofs" in Indy terminology) and crypto schemes.

The Credential format identifier is `ac_vp` to request a Presentation.

The identifier for the CL-signature crypto scheme used in the examples in this section is `CLSignature2019`.

### DCQL

#### Parameters in the `meta` parameter in Credential Query {#anoncreds_meta_parameter}

The following are AnonCreds specific parameters in the `meta` parameter in a Credential Query as defined in (#credential_query):

`schema_id_values`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the allowed values for the `schema_id` of the requested Verifiable Credential. It MUST be a valid scheme identifier as defined in [@Hyperledger.Indy].

`cred_def_id_values`:
: OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the allowed values for the `cred_def_id` of the requested Verifiable Credential. It MUST be a valid credential definition identifier as defined in [@Hyperledger.Indy].

`proof_type_values`:

> : OPTIONAL. An array of strings that specifies the types of proofs that the Verifier accepts to be used in the Verifiable Presentation, for example `CLSignature2019`.

Reviewer 2: I would not add this TBH. AnonCreds only supports CL signatures, I've never seen a deployment that does not CL signatures. There is effort ongoing for an AnonCreds v2, but this has a different model than AnonCreds v1,  so it should have a different format identifier IMO. So just the `ac_vp` identifier should be enough

Author: Thanks, I will remove it.

[@ISO.18013-7] defines the following elements:

> * Rules for the `presentation_definition` Authorization Request parameter and the `presentation_submission` Authorization Response parameter (no longer supported in this specification)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Rules for the `presentation_definition` Authorization Request parameter and the `presentation_submission` Authorization Response parameter (which were supported until draft -24 of this specification)
```
this is probably more helpful..?

MAY return credentials that inherit from any of the specified types, following
the inheritance logic defined in [@!I-D.ietf-oauth-sd-jwt-vc].

### Presentation Response

A non-normative example DCQL query using the SD-JWT VC format is shown in (#dcql_query_example).
The respective response is shown in (#response_dcql_query).

Additional examples are shown in (#more_dcql_query_examples).

The following requirements apply to the `nonce` and `aud` claims in the Key Binding JWT:

- the `nonce` claim MUST be the value of `nonce` from the Authorization Request;
- the `aud` claim MUST be the value of the Client Identifier, except for requests over the DC API where it MUST be the Origin prefixed with `origin:`, as described in (#dc_api_response).

> The `transaction_data_hashes` response parameter defined in (#transaction_data), if Transaction Data is used, MUST be included in the Key Binding JWT as a top level claim. This means that transaction data mechanism cannot be used with SD-JWT VCs without cryptographic key binding (i.e., which do not use the KB-JWT).

Reviewer 3: this will probably conflict with #421. tho #421 probably getting merged first. @sander

  &id_token_type=subject_signed
  &client_id=x509_san_dns%3Aclient.example.org
  &redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fclient.example.org%2Fcb

>   &presentation_definition=...

Reviewer 5: @danielfett should this be replaced by a `dcq_queryl=...`?

Author: Good point - yes

   * clarify that `dcql_query` and `presentation_definition` are passed as JSON objects (not strings) in request objects
   * support returning multiple presentations for a single dcql credential query when requested using `multiple`
   * Added support for multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding Request Signature to the DC API profile

>    * remove presentation exchange

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   * remove DIF Presentation Exchange as a query language option
```

>    * added `contains` to ensure features of PE can be mapped

Reviewer 3: can be mapped to what..?

Author: ```suggestion
   * added `contains` to ensure features of PE can be mapped to DCQL syntax
```

   * clarify that `dcql_query` and `presentation_definition` are passed as JSON objects (not strings) in request objects
   * support returning multiple presentations for a single dcql credential query when requested using `multiple`
   * Added support for multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding Request Signature to the DC API profile

>    * remove DIF Presentation Exchange as a query language option

Reviewer 5: add that there were updates to the w3c and anoncred specific dcql subsections

Author: Will do.

   * clarify that `dcql_query` and `presentation_definition` are passed as JSON objects (not strings) in request objects
   * support returning multiple presentations for a single dcql credential query when requested using `multiple`
   * Added support for multiple Client Identifiers and corresponding Request Signature to the DC API profile
   * remove DIF Presentation Exchange as a query language option

>    * Changes in the DCQL query parameters specific to W3C VCs and AnonCreds

Reviewer 7: These should go against -26 instead of -25

Author: Thanks, fixed after merging main.
